the Internet is a soul killer
stay clear but if you can that's right
the Internet is a soul killer except of
course for this channel guys buddy and
Ryan here Ryan
Eric P on Twitter buddy Hutton on
Twitter what's up guys we're gonna break
down
preachers season - all season long every
single episode and please let us know if
we mess up anything from the comics any
Easter eggs any references here we go
let's jump into episode 1 of season 2
buddy won't stop singing great voice
guys on the road is this episode's title
and basically that's what it is it's the
start of a road trip picking up from
last season and this is kind of where
this where the comics started we're
jumping into the road trip to find God
with Jesse tulip and Cassidy and we're
also talking about foreskin foreskins
guys I looked it up because I was like
no way this isn't a thing it's a thing
70 million baby boys are skin right
severed Harris played off show me the
bloody warehouses but you don't want to
know what they're using for Oprah did a
show about it there's its stem cells
from baby foreskins one baby foreskins
is worth about $100,000 worth of
fibroblasts treatments so if you guys
want to go get fibroblasts from baby
foreskins
you can lawyer you know the more you
know
that's right guys we've got a whole like
70s grindhouse car chase
it was awesome with obviously the song
that you heard buddy sings this entire
video as well as eking of songs guys the
song that Jesse makes that cop saying
Yellow Rose of Texas which is an old
minstrel song which was primarily done
in black face the fact that black cop is
singing it kinda is a reference back to
some of the racist influences in the
comic books maybe or maybe they just
didn't really realize the historical
references in the song and guess what
the other cop gets gets a pretty bad I
mean one has to sing but one gets maced
of the junk so you know today alright so
I was a little awesome moment of Jesse
using the voice of God and comic book
fans might kind of see that that was
allusion to when Jesse made sheriff rout
you remember him from season one he kind
of told him to literally go yourself and
that's what happened but thank God they
didn't use that part in the TV show I
don't think we needed to see that I
don't know if they have the effects
budget
we get introduced to the saint of
killers in action in this episode he
kind of blinks in and out of existence a
little bit more but then he does that
slow scary walk it's awesome
yeah it's straight up like Terminator
style right just like those first of all
those bullets sound like mortar shells
from miles away and they can cut through
police cars and literally is ripping
through every single cop there they kill
everyone except for our three favorite
characters they get away but awesome to
see the Santa killers
kind of wrecking havoc we saw a lot of
his backstory last season and now to see
him you know chasing down our team
creature is awesome the suit so the
saint of killers you obviously realized
that that loop that we get stuck in is
his hell but in the comic books he is so
full of hatred that he freezes hell when
he goes and the devil's like dude what
is happening and he's the devil is
playing cards with the Angel of Death
Angel death is like this this is my dude
right here so he makes him some those
guns out of like his sword so those guns
are special they never run out of ammo
and they shoot through anything he has
the gall to match he could like you
can't take this guy down like God and
also his bullets can kill basically
anyone like last year we saw them shoot
de Blanc an angel and kill him hopefully
maybe he's back but he can basically
kill anyone if he shoots you so watch
the hell out the one time they did mess
this up in the comics even Garth Ennis
mentioned this give me that the error
was when early on I think maybe issued
three the Santa killer shoots Cassady in
a bar fight and Cassie obviously comes
back to life but he's kind of dead
anyways so didn't she comic books that
you can even cheat a little bit
so tulip uses an intestine lower or
upper I don't know I'm not a doctor but
anyway what I do know about intestines
is there's partially digested food in
there so she uses that to siphon gas and
then Cassidy helps her get the taste out
of her mouth with hot sauce and yoohoo
don't know if it works but Cassidy would
I mean he's eaten he's even partially
you know if anyone would yeah if anyone
knows what to drink or eat afterwards it
would be Cassidy but because she white
can she any help her wipe her face off I
mean the blood all around her like
seriously like help a girl out like I
love that there was just like the from
the bottles she does not drink correctly
she puts the bottle to her face and it
cleaned off her head so the friends
first stop is preacher Mike who is John
Custer's Jessie's father's friends in
the comics John Custer is not a preacher
he's actually an Army veteran but
whatever so preacher Mike has a girl in
a cage who's dealing with an Instagram
addiction which is amazing this is
awesome yeah they've obviously updated
from what the comic had but I love that
she's actually screaming for a phone and
you think that she wants to get like
help like oh dude she's she's scared of
this guy she wants to UPS update her
Instagram is why also during this
sequence we see a great Easter Egg for
comic book fans as well
when Jesse is talking about his
childhood we have really heard much
about his background and his mom side
the the Liane gels but their association
has it and I don't think so it's French
right behind him is in aquarium with a
small little treasure chest and
basically this is a huge nod to how
messed up his childhood is upbringing
was so his grandma punished the hell out
of Jesse as a kid I mean he threw a
curse word at another dude named Jody
just because Jody killed his dog seems
reasonable to you know curse if someone
after that but his punishment was to go
for a week
inside a coffin under water with only a
couple tubes to breathe oxygen it
actually occurs in angel bill on the
border of Texas and Louisiana we know
our crew is heading towards New Orleans
so maybe we'll get some flashbacks as
Jesse starts driving through these parts
and it's horrible flashbacks to
yeah and keep in mind that they throw in
Easter eggs all the time they come in
Easter eggs in the first season in the
whiskey rat water is the city that the
saint shot up so keep your eyes out
always look at everything and if you
guys find any Easter eggs that we missed
please do so let us know in the comments
and hit us up on Twitter but he loves
getting tweets in the mud matter he's
he's out of the cage so he can get
tweets and and let us know what we've
missed I found her
looking pale as a ghost trembling I
asked her what's wrong and she told me
God himself
have just been in so preacher Mike tells
Jesse and fam about she she's strip club
which is a real strip club in New
Orleans and they talked to Tammy the
proprietor who said God was there just
listen to jazz music
Tammy takes a bullet I noticed a lot of
people on reddit were like what happened
to Tammy so if you didn't notice there's
a CCTV of a video camera behind them and
the whole time Cassidy is is getting a
lap dance from a stripper he grabs the
stripper Tammy calls a bouncer the
bouncer goes into the room they get miss
Krabappel
and then the bouncer pulls out a gun and
kills Tammy the whole time that they're
bantering about whether or not to use
Genesis on Tammy it's an amazing scene
because it's so many layers also I
called chichis they don't they don't
have jazz so they just made that up for
the show it's just a strip club in New
Orleans
God didn't come for their girls you
idiot he came for the Jazz the jazz guys
another detail throughout this episode
and we also calls back the last season
is the fact that tulip Jessie and
Cassidy have no idea that anvil was
completely blown off the map by that
huge shitstorm basically they don't know
any of this stuff last season at the end
I think it was the final episode of the
season they're in a diner and it's on
the TV but they don't see they don't get
the news it kind of plays in the
background this year this week it's in
the bar and everyone else was like
huddled around the TV like you know a
city just blew up what the hell is going
on guys yeah and they have no still have
no clue that even happened we were
thinking that the probably waiting till
later in the season to actually reveal
that so that you know jesse has to come
to grips with what happened to his
former home and all the people in it
yeah I think Jesse will be super
concerned about the entire town souls
because basically they were like oh
God's not not around so we're just gonna
do all the bad things that we should do
and they all die not just the two dudes
that commit suicide because obviously
they were just they hated their lives
and they were just waiting but like even
Emily like she tells her kids like
nothing's gonna change but just you know
God is not around so whatever he's got
the guy that cheats on his wife with the
hooker like everybody goes full sin mode
and then they they all die they're all
completely condemned and that's how the
last season left us so Jesse doesn't
find out I think he's gonna be
completely crushed when he finds out
another detail that we caught was fior
the auras back actually remember last
time we saw him he returned from hell
after giving the stain of killers a new
gig that's the chest chase down Jesse
and he's now working it looks like at a
casino as a going under the name of
Ganesh Ganesh of course is the Hindu God
who was beheaded and then came back with
the head of an elephant and from the
previews it looks like that fewer now
going by Ganesh is going to probably do
the same thing as a performer you know
his head chopped off every single night
and then magically reappearing because
he's an angel so not much magic it is
just I guess it is magic but angel
m'angil magic yeah but we the camera
kind of turned away cut away as soon as
we were gonna reveal fioors face but I
think and then probably the next episode
we'll see if you're back but the blonde
I don't I don't know if he's coming back
sorry guys at the end of the episode we
see Jesse outside after he he and tulip
just just kept Cassidy awake doing
things anyway he's outside the Saint is
coming towards them and it seems if you
haven't seen any of promos that it might
be a dream sequence you hope actually
thought it was a dream sequence until we
watched that promo yeah the Saint isn't
responding to his voice commands at all
he's just walking towards him so we
watched the promo
my main thoughts were that the truck
that hit him old-time axle-grease has a
delivery truck there's no way that a
town of that size has a delivery truck
for axle-grease that market is not large
enough to support a delivery truck yeah
and I thought it was interesting
obviously that the voice of God the
commands were not working oh yeah and I
was pretty big guys the in a comic books
there have been times occasionally that
it does work against the same killers in
fact that's one of the only things that
can stop the scenic killers from from
killing but I guess in the TV show at
least initially in his first meeting is
face-to-face meeting Jesse's gonna have
to get creative because he can't just
tell the saint to stop shooting so he
needs to run away fast which is
convenient that he's going to have more
cover not not not cops this time but gun
aficionados that are having a convention
at this little motel hotel that they're
staying at how convenient how convenient
guys with guns or any girls with guns
but I also feel really bad for all of
them because they're gonna get murdered
pretty quick I'm guessing by the same
there's a couple shots and they're all
dead the promo had an amazing like
bullet time bullet yeah camera shot you
just see the spinning round coming
towards Jessie it's fantastic and
remember earlier on this episode when
Jesse pulls the bullet from the car
after the whole shootout with the cops
he kind of touches it for a second he
grabs the bullet out he like he drops it
really quickly so obviously you know
Jesse's not immune to this bullet either
like he needs to watch out and and be
prepared for the onslaught of the same
killers
[Music]
finally the episode ends with dedicated
to Steve this is talking about Steve
Dylan who was an artist in the comic
book yeah he was equally as important as
Garth Ennis to creating this world that
his preacher and unfortunately he got to
see all of season one before he passed
away and see it come to life than on the
TV show but um yeah what an amazing
artist and yeah thankful that he got to
give us this Big Ups big up Steve guys
thank you so much for watching
I'm buddy Hutton on Twitter Ryan Eric P
on Twitter let us know if we messed
anything up
let us know what we miss guys we are
just now getting into this show I don't
think either of us watch season one when
it was on that we had to binge watch we
just binge watch that was worth it
totally worth it
thanks guys thanks we love you he
doesn't I do